She keeps saying that God is going to show me a sign. The… something of my ways. Wisdom? It's probably wisdom. Chicken fingers… with spicy club sauce. There's unlimited juice? This party is gonna be off the hook. Oh, yeah, the guy in the the $4,000 suit is holding the elevator for a guy who doesn't make that in three months. Come on! Let me take off my assistant's skirt and put on my Barbra-Streisand-in-The-Prince-of-Tides ass-masking therapist pantsuit.

Boy, I sure feel like a Mary without a Peter and a Paul. Mr. Zuckerkorn, you've been warned about touching. You said spanking. If I look like a man who made love to his wife last night – it's because I almost did.

I should be in this Poof. And don't make the water too hot. The scabs come right off. Saw this on the highway and almost blue myself. Hop on? If that man's straight, then I am sober. Well, they got the Asian right… "hotties" might be a stretch.

I guess you can say I'm buy-curious. Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr: No not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. I was set up. By the Brits. A group of British builders operating outside the O.C. Great, now I'm gonna smell to high heaven like a tuna melt! It's, like, Hey, you want to go down to the whirlpool? Yeah, I don't have a husband. I call it Swing City.

Way to plant, Ann! I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had. Who? i just dont want him to point out my cracker ass in front of ann. It's as Ann as the nose on Plain's face.

Look, you are playing adults…with fully formed libidos, not 2 young men playing grab-ass in the shower. I'm not a prostitute. Then I shall let you live! Suddenly he's too much of a big-shot to brush mother's hair. No, I was ashamed to be SEEN with you. I like being WITH you. Buster, you remember when we were kissing last night? Buster: It was a wild, wild ride. I guess you can say I'm buy-curious. And I wouldn't just lie there, if that's what you're thinking. That's not what I WAS thinking. I don't care if it takes from now till the end of Shrimpfest.

What's next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose? YOU'RE the Chiclet! Not me. Caw ca caw, caw ca caw, caw ca caw!

OH MY GOD, WE'RE HAVING A FIRE… sale. Oh, the burning! ♪♪ Amaaaaaaziiiing Graaaace ♪♪ I'll be in the hospital bar. You know there isn't a hospital bar, Mother. Well, this is why people hate hospitals. This is the best free scrapbooking class I've ever taken! Hola, is Rosa still alive? No? Well this is not my day. How do you know Steve Holt? Are you in AA? This is not what it looks like. It looks like you're tweaking her nipples through a chain-link fence. I'm in Vegas this week and would like to point out the Blue Man Group is *actually* hiring. The support group?

And that is why Jesus was often referred to as the King of Kings. Queens. The King of Queens. Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr: No not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot… your wife is dead! You just grab that brownish area by its points and you don't let go no matter what your mother tells you! I may have committed some light treason. This is not what it looks like. It looks like you're tweaking her nipples through a chain-link fence.

So, what do you say? We got a basket full of father-son fun here. What's Kama Sutra oil? Maybe it's not for us. There's unlimited juice? This party is gonna be off the hook. She keeps saying that God is going to show me a sign. The… something of my ways. Wisdom? He's a regular Freddie Wilson, that one. I've been in the film business for a while but I just can't seem to get one in the can. I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had. Bob Loblaw Law Blog.